# M.Tech-Project
INTERMODEL FIXED RADIUS DENSITY DEPENDENT COVERING SALESMAN PROBLEM IN UNCERTAINTY ENVIRONMENT

The Intermodal Fixed Radius Density Dependent Covering Salesman Problem
poses a complex challenge in optimizing transportation logistics within an 
uncertain environment. This study addresses the critical need to develop 
efficient solutions for intermodal transportation systems where two modes of 
transportation are utilized and the density of demand points varies 
dynamically. In this report, we propose a novel approach that integrates 
concepts from covering salesman problems, intermodal transportation, and 
uncertainty modelling to tackle the Intermodal Fixed Radius Density 
Dependent Covering Salesman Problem. Our method considers the fixed 
radius constraint to ensure efficient coverage of demand points while 
optimizing the salesman's route across multiple transportation modes. 
Additionally, we incorporate uncertainty into the problem formulation, 
considering variations in demand, travel times, and transportation costs. We 
employ a hybrid optimization framework that combines genetic algorithms and 
optimization techniques to find near-optimal solutions under uncertainty. 
Through extensive experimentation and case studies, we demonstrate the 
effectiveness and robustness of our approach in real-world scenarios. The 
proposed methodology offers insights and decision support for transportation 
planners and logistics managers facing the challenges of intermodal 
transportation in uncertain environments, contributing to the advancement of 
transportation optimization research and practice
